black widows multilayered and you know
motivated and determined and all of
those things and she has an art I would
love to take this character in every
different direction you're always
picking up after you boys the
possibilities are really endless before
I worked for shield make mistakes but
I'm done running from my past very few
actors can say that they've worked on a
character for ten years and then
suddenly have this chance to delve deep
into the inner workings of this person
we have to go back to where it all
started there's one movie people have
been asking us to make for a very long
time more so than any other film the
black widow movie
we're gonna be able to create something
that is a different flavor for the
Marvel Universe I'm just excited to see
the real Black Widow she's not a classic
hero because she has a dark past what
brings you home you get to see all these
facets of her that we've never ever seen
before
we have unfinished business
one thing's for sure it's gonna be a
hell of a reunion Marvel Studios Black
Widow in theaters May 1st
[Music]